[sighs]
[TWILIGHT]
This won't do.
What?!
I don't want this Mama.
Not seeing you convincingly
pull off the mother role.
[FRANKY]
You're a master of disguise,
so why can't you make
me beautiful, huh?
I have rather limited options.
Ugh! I can't believe
I volunteered for this!
[TWILIGHT]
Operation Strix.
I was given this top-secret
mission by Wise
in order to stop political power
player Donovan Desmond
from fomenting a
war with Ostania.
Part of the task was to
pass the prestigious
Eden College's entrance
exam, which we did,
but this interview
with both parents
of the prospective student
has complicated matters.
Very well. I'll need
to find a woman.
[CAMILLA]
Did you hear?
There was some kind
of office break-in.
Apparently, someone
came and snatched up
all the files with us
ladies' personal info.
Scary, right? What kind
of creep does that?
I always thought the section
chief was way creepy.
Like, he's always ogling me.
Can't stand him.
You ever considered
wearing some longer skirts?
[MILLIE]
I don't think my boyfriend
would be happy about that.
You're pretty fit, Sharon.
Why don't you show it
off a little more?
I stopped caring
after I had a kid.
And what about you?
You're awfully quiet
over there, Yor.
Doesn't it creep you out, too?
Huh?
[MILLIE] The section chief's
coffee? Blow snot in it!
Uh, do you think snot
would make it taste
better or something?
You know, I really gotta
give you credit, girl.
You're definitely one-of-a-kind.
Uh.
[MILLIE]
Isn't she though?
Not many guys out in space
or wherever you are, huh?
Cut it out, Millie.
[CAMILLA] You're cute, with
curves in all the right places.
If you knew how to flaunt it,
you'd be knocking 'em dead.
Yeah?
[MILLIE] Yeah, if you need
makeup tips or anything,
just ask me.
[YOR]
Honestly though,
all I really want is
just to keep this job.
But aren't you, like,
27 years old already?
You need to be careful
at that age.
From what I hear,
there are supposedly spies
everywhere these days.
People have been
getting reported
for the tiniest little
things, you know.
I mean, just the other day,
I heard about a bachelorette
in her late 20s
being arrested because
her neighbors thought
she was extremely suspicious.
[MILLIE]
Oh, wow, really? That's funny.
How do you always know
about this stuff, Camilla?
Being single at that
age is kinda unusual.
A bit eyebrow raising.
I didn't realize that.
I appreciate you
letting me know.
Oh, yeah. This coming weekend,
I'm throwing a little dinner
party at my place,
so why don't you
plan on dropping by?
Bring a date and
join in the fun.
[SHARON] Might be asking
a bit much there.
[CAMILLA]
She could ask whoever's been
rifling through our drawers;
they'd love to come.
[MILLIE]
You are just too mean!
[phone ringing]
[YOR]
Briar residence.
[YURI]
Hey, Sis. How are you?
[YOR]
Oh, hey, Yuri.
[YURI]
Is work okay?
It's fine, I guess.
I'm still there at City Hall.
[YURI] You're kinda weird,
so I'm worried about you.
[YOR] Don't be rude,
I'm completely normal.
[YURI] Well, most girls
your age are married.
Do you have any prospects?
[YOR]
Not this again.
[YURI] I'm sorry, but I think I
might get a big promotion soon.
Which would mean I'd
be expected to travel
more than I already do,
but I worry about leaving
you alone in the big city,
so I'm not entirely sure that
I should take the offer.
The whole reason I got this
far is because of your help,
and I'm so grateful.
That's why all I want
is for you to be happy.
Aw, that's sweet.
Thanks a lot, Yuri.
[YURI]
Can I set you up with someone?
Huh? That won't be necessary.
Because, um, I'm actually
going to a party this weekend.
And I'm bringing a date.
[YURI]
Wait, you have a boyfriend?
[YOR] Yep. Hah. I do.
So don't worry 'bout me!
[YURI]
Wow, that's great!
Uh, like a little coworker
party or somethin'?
Yep, Camilla's putting it on.
[YURI]
Okay.
Then I'll have to make
sure to ask Dominic
all about this mystery
man afterwards.
Huh?
[YURI] Come on, you know
you can be a little naive.
If the guy's a jerk,
I'll take care of him.
[YOR]
Well, uh...
[YURI] I'll wait on this
promotion until I know
what his story is.
[YOR] Oh, you don't need
to bother with all tha--
[YURI]
Can't wait to meet him.
Well, nighty-night!
[YOR]
What do I do?
I gotta land a date before
the party this weekend.
If he finds out I'm lying,
he'll think I'm a weirdo
and a pathological liar and
things'll get even worse.
And I would hate for my brother
to skip a promotion
on my account.
[phone rings]
Hey, Yuri, I want you to know
I was joking about
all that earlier--
[SHOPKEEPER]
Uh-oh.
Are you and your little
brother having a spat?
[YOR]
I-- Shopkeeper?
Sorry, didn't realize
it was you.
[SHOPKEEPER]
It's fine.
But I do have a client needing
your attention tonight,
Thorn Princess.
The Royal Hotel. Room 1307.
I'm sorry about this, lady,
but the entire floor has
actually been reserved
for the evening, so...
[GUARD B]
Did anyone call for this chick?
I dunno.
[YOR]
Oh, well, with all due respect.
What I heard is that there's a
traitorous scumbag staying here.
[GUARDS yell]
What's happening out there?
[GUARD C] It's an ambush!
Some broad just--!
[YOR]
Excuse me.
Vice Minister Brennan from the
auditing department, I presume?
Terribly sorry for
the interruption.
But tell me,
may I have the honor
of taking your life
this evening?
[NARRATOR]
Code name: Thorn Princess.
One of the world's
deadliest assassins.
She learned the skills of her
trade at a very young age,
and since then, has done
whatever dirty work
her employer's requested of her.
Won't wash off.
[YOR]
Uh! Oh, no! Not my dress.
This is the only nice one I own.
I'll have to miss the party.
[YURI]
Do you have any prospects?
[SHARON] Being single at
that age is kinda unusual.
[CAMILLA] Bring a date
and join in the fun!
There's no way.
I'll never be a homemaker.
"Cleaning house" is the
only thing I'm good at.
[ANYA]
Scruffy Head!
Copied all the files of
unmarried women from City Hall.
Thank you.
[FRANKY]
Gotta find one who won't care
you're divorced with a kid,
is refined enough for
a hoity-toity school,
and is willing to get
married in 48 hours?
If there's a goddess like that,
I'd love to meet her.
As for me, I can't get a date
and I'm not even picky!
My condolences.
Don't pity me, ya jerk!
[ANYA]
Is it bad to have a kid?
Am I keeping Mamas away?
[TWILIGHT]
No, it's not your fault.
Just watch some TV
and don't worry.
[ANYA]
'Kay.
[FRANKY] I gotta wonder why
you're not just paired up
with some lady spy from work.
[TWILIGHT] A lot of them were
caught in the recent spy hunts,
so I couldn't find a match.
[FRANKY] Lots of rats
runnin' loose these days.
We're low on agents right now,
so I've got another mission
on top of this one.
Brass wants me to eliminate
a smuggling ring.
They're working you like a dog!
Fine. Let's find
you a lady, then.
Seems like women in
bad circumstances'd
be most likely to
go along with it.
Finding dirt on 'em would help.
'Course we could always
just make stuff up.
I'd like to minimize my risk.
[FRANKY]
Too late for that.
You see her don't ya?
Does she look the part
of a rich family's
precious little princess?
Point taken. I need to do
something about her appearance.
[gasps]
[PROPRIETRESS A]
Now, young lady,
I'm going to take
your measurements.
If you'd please come with me.
I'm being sold to traffickers!
[TWILIGHT]
You won't if you behave.
Honestly, where does she even
pick up that kind of language?
[TWILIGHT] The seamstress is the
right age, but already married.
The proprietress was listed
among the single women,
but she's been arrested once
over political activities,
and that's definitely
something to avoid.
Finding the right person
might take longer than--
Excuse me!
[EMPLOYEE A] Goodness,
Yor, it's been too long.
[YOR] Hi, sorry. I was hoping
to get my dress mended.
As soon as possible, please.
[EMPLOYEE A]
Oh, of course, dear.
You're one of our regulars.
[TWILIGHT] She slipped right
past me. Who is she?
Yor. Yor.
Ah, Yor Briar, 27 years old.
Never been married,
both parents are deceased,
and she has one brother
who's several years younger.
They're both civil servants
with fairly spotless records.
Did I let my guard down?
I'm losing my edge lately.
[YOR] Excuse me. I couldn't
help notice you staring at me.
Is there something
I can do for you?
[TWILIGHT]
Oh...
Impossible! She sensed my gaze?
[TWILIGHT]
It's just that you're so pretty.
You're saying...
You have a favorable impression
of my physical appearance?
Uh, I guess. Yeah.
[CAMILLA] You're cute, with
curves in all the right places.
If you knew how to flaunt it,
you'd be knockin' 'em dead.
[YOR]
Uh--
[ANYA] Papa! I'm this
long! They told me!
Who's that?
[TWILIGHT]
A fellow customer.
[YOR]
He has a child.
I came awfully close to asking
another woman's
husband on a date.
They say people get killed by
jealous wives all the time.
Although I'm positive I'd
be able to kill her first.
No, calm down Yor.
Don't even think about it.
That's exactly the sort of thing
that would expose me
as an assassin.
Don't be weird.
[ANYA]
What? An assassin?
A spy. An assassin.
This is...
...so cool!
[NARRATOR] The girl was starved
for entertainment.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm.
I thought about asking
her to play my wife,
but I'd better not.
[YOR]
I thought about asking him
to play my boyfriend
at the party,
but that could easily end in
bloodshed, so I'd better not.
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA]
Oh, poor, poor me.
I'm so lonely 'cause
I've got no Mama.
[TWILIGHT]
What's this about?
I just need a Mama so bad.
Are you not here with your wife?
Um, no. Sadly, we lost
her two years ago.
It's just me and my daughter.
I'm raising her by myself.
[YOR] No one will try to kill
me for asking him out.
Excuse me.
[TWILIGHT]
Pretend to be your boyfriend?
Long story, but I lied
and told my brother
that I was in a relationship.
I realize it's asking a lot,
but I was wondering
if you could come to
this party with me.
Uh, I don't have any
weird ulterior motives
or anything like that!
And I'll find a way
to repay you.
All I want to do is put
my brother's mind at ease.
Very well then, offer accepted.
Uh. Wait, seriously?
[TWILIGHT] Although I'd
like something in return.
It's a long story,
but I'd like you to pretend
to be her mother
during an interview.
[YOR]
Pretend to be her mother?
We live in such uncertain times,
and I just want my
sweet little girl
to get into a good school.
I have to try. Because it was
her mother's dying wish.
[ANYA]
Papa's a big liar.
[YOR]
What a wonderful man.
[TWILIGHT] This is a relatively
simple first step,
but I'll get her to agree to an
official marriage, eventually.
If you think I'm good
for the role, that is.
Thanks so much.
I suppose we 'll see each
other Saturday, then.
'Kay.
[TWILIGHT] I got a sitter
for you on Saturday,
so promise me you'll behave.
'Kay, I'll need some peanuts!
[TWILIGHT]
Yeah, yeah.
Ten pents is your
change, ribbit.
Thanks, ribbit.
[ANYA]
"Ribbit"?
[TWILIGHT]
A "T"-- No, an "F" cipher.
[TWILIGHT] Must be details
on the side mission.
Retrieving works of art
stolen from the West
and wiping out this
smuggling ring.
The mission is to commence
Saturday at 1800 hours
when the target meets the buyer.
Saturday?
[TWILIGHT]
Listen up.
We'll need to take care
of this this quickly
so I can make that party.
Got it?
Whoa. You realize I'm
just an informant
and I couldn't fight my way out
of a wet paper bag, right?
And your tab is pretty
much maxed out, so...
[TWILIGHT]
We're talking 78 art pieces
valued at a total of
three million dalcs.
I'm fairly certain
no one would notice
if something were to go missing.
Leave it to me!
Matter of fact, I've invented
some new spy gear
just for an occasion like this.
[TWILIGHT]
He can be so useful.
Loid is late. I'm worried.
I really hope he wasn't
in some terrible accident.
[FRANKY screaming]
[LACKEY A]
Hold it!
[LACKEY B]
Who you workin' for?
[FRANKY] You didn't tell me
there'd be an army of 'em!
[TWILIGHT] Two, four, six,
thirty-eight of them.
Gives me less than ten
seconds for each one.
[TWILIGHT] Reinforcements!
And a lot of them!
I got everything,
so let's go already!
[FRANKY]
Oh, yeah!
Now, which one of these
will go M-I-A?
I'll be taking this.
[FRANKY]
Wait, the diamond?
Why ya gotta grab
the priciest one?
[TWILIGHT] Because it's best
for the whole charade.
[FRANKY]
C'mon, give it back!
[YOR]
I get it.
This is what having your
heart toyed with feels like.
But I still need to maintain
good work relationships
to keep my brother happy.
So even though I really
don't want to go,
I can't skip the party.
So you finally decided
to show up, huh?
I'm sorry. I brought
a gift for you.
What's up?
I remember you saying you'd
be bringing a date
with you tonight.
[YOR] Unfortunately, he had
a last-minute situation.
[CAMILLA]
Oh, that is such shame.
I really wanted
to meet this guy!
What a lame excuse.
[MILLIE]
Just pathetic.
[SHARON]
I knew that weirdo was lying
about having a boyfriend.
[MILLIE]
You think we should report her?
[CAMILLA]
Definitely!
She has to be some kind of spy,
who was sent here
for the sole purpose
of lowering our
country's birth rate
or something crazy like that!
[SHARON]
Come on, stop being petty.
She's just too awkward
to find a man.
She's got it bad enough.
Hey, Yor, I'm so sorry your
boyfriend couldn't make it.
I wanted to meet him.
[YOR]
Oh, Dominic.
Poor Yuri, you know he's always
extremely worried about you.
Yeah, it's a little bit much.
Do you think you
could just tell him
that I showed up with
a really nice guy?
Whoa, so you want him to lie?
That means you must
really be desperate
to pretend to be normal.
You know it makes you
look even more pathetic.
Hey, knock it off!
[CAMILLA] Stop talking
to my man, you freak.
We'll be sure to let your
sweet widdle brother know
that you came here
all by your lonesome.
[YOR]
I don't understand.
What could she possibly get out
of doing something like that?
I'm getting sick of this.
Just think, if everyone
here were to die,
my brother would never
hear about any of it.
[DOMINIC] Sorry to bug you.
Try and have some fun, okay?
Come on, Camilla. Let's get
this gratin in the oven.
[GUEST A] Oh, you want to know
what happened next?
Mama!
My oldest will be taking
an entrance exam soon.
We're going for Eden College.
[GUEST B]
That's wonderful!
[GUEST A]
He'll be...
[YOR]
I guess this must be
what being a "normal"
person looks like.
This is exactly the kind of life
that my little brother
wants me to have.
Wow, looks like
Yor's still here.
[MILLIE] She's got a
high shame tolerance.
Honestly, I'm surprised she had
the guts to show up here alone.
[YOR] I get it now.
I'm just not cut out for this.
[YOR]
I beg your pardon.
Thank you, but it's
time for me to--
Please forgive my lateness.
I'm Loid Forger, Yor's husband.
Hey. I needed a boyfriend,
not a husband.
You're kidding me!
[TWILIGHT]
I mixed up our missions.
Mister Forger, is that blood?
Yes, pardon me, please.
A patient had a
violent outburst.
Just one of the risks
of being a psychiatrist.
You having a good time, Yor?
[CAMILLA]
You can't be serious.
Why didn't you tell us you were
married? I had no idea!
Well, I-- Because--
It's embarrassing,
but this is my second marriage
and I have a child.
Makes things a bit
uncomfortable.
[CAMILLA]
Don't give me that crap!
No freaking way that
terminally awkward girl
has a hot, successful husband!
Now this will be
"uncomfortable"!
Oh, excellent timing.
I just got this piping hot
gratin out of the oven!
Whoops, I seem to've
tripped on something!
[chuckles]
[CAMILLA]
Hm?
I love that you're so mindful
about wasting food, Yor.
But I'm not so sure
it's good manners
to use your feet, you know?
Uh. Sorry about that.
Wow.
[TWILIGHT]
This is actually very tasty.
[YOR]
Isn't it?
Tell me, Mister Ranger.
It's Forger.
Did you know that your wife
did some questionable work
before she started at City Hall?
--What was it, again?
--Give it a rest.
Random men would call you
up to their hotel rooms
so you could give them
"massages," isn't that right?
That was...
[YOR] A massage was code
for "murder for hire."
I promise it's not what
you think, Loid. I just--
I think it's great.
[YOR gasps]
Truthfully.
She lost her parents
at a young age,
and to care for her
younger brother,
she did whatever she could.
She sacrificed a great deal.
Be it for someone else's sake,
or whatever the reason, having
to put up with such a tough job
takes real grit and dedication.
And that's not something
just anybody can do.
Let's go home, Yor.
[YOR] Okay. Thank you
so much for having us.
Hey, sorry for the
"husband" thing.
No, it's fine.
If your brother hears about
that, who knows what to say?
Well, here's an idea, tell
me what you think of this.
[gasps]
What the--?
[TWILIGHT] Stragglers from
the smuggling ring?
[TWILIGHT]
Hang on, Yor!
[YOR]
Huh?
[TWILIGHT]
How did they know where I was?
Let me guess, they left a
tracking device in the loot.
Ugh. You've definitely
lost your edge, Twilight.
Who are those people?
Do you know them?
[TWILIGHT]
What do I say? What do I say?
Seems that some of my patients
are still having
psychotic breaks.
[YOR] Being a doctor
must be very demanding.
[TWILIGHT]
She really believed that?
The best course is to
avoid them for a bit.
[THUG A]
They left the van behind.
I betcha they're
hidin' around here.
Let's split up and find 'em.
[TWILIGHT]
This way, hurry!
Hey, Loid, sorry to pry,
but are you supposed
to hit your patients?
Yeah, it's okay.
I'm using a
cutting-edge technique
known as the "concussive
recovery" method.
[YOR]
Oh.
[TWILIGHT] Hard to tell
if she's extremely smart
or extremely stupid.
Get back!
[THUG E screams]
[TWILIGHT]
Another one! He's got me!
Uh! Sorry!
I'm not a doctor, so I shouldn't
try to treat your patients,
but I am kind of an
expert at self-defense.
My little brother taught
me everything he knows.
[chuckles]
Thanks a lot, Yor.
I must say, that was impressive.
Did you see how far
the guy went flying?
It's crazy. Guess I don't
know my own strength.
[YOR chuckles]
[THUG G]
There he is!
[TWILIGHT]
This way!
[THUG G] I don't care how
you do it, just kill 'em!
--[thudding]
--[THUGS yells]
[YOR] So, uh, Loid, this may
not be the best time to ask,
but will you marry me?
[TWILIGHT grunts]
[YOR gasps]
[TWILIGHT]
I'm sorry?
[YOR] Well, I suppose it
would extend our agreement.
But honestly, it seems that
people are suspicious of me
just because I'm single,
so it'd be kind of a
nice little camouflage.
[YOR] And it would help me cover
for the assassin job, too.
[YOR] Um, basically,
if it works for you,
maybe you and I
could stay together.
I mean, after the whole
interview thing is over.
It'd be for both of our sakes.
[YOR]
It's happening so fast,
but he's probably the only
person in the world
who could accept me
for who I am.
[TWILIGHT] Let's swing by City
Hall to fill out the paperwork.
Yeah, like, right now?
[TWILIGHT] No time like
the present. Oh, hang on.
[TWILIGHT]
Did I drop it?
[THUG B] You bastard!
We got 'em cornered!
You're dead! You hear me?!
[TWILIGHT] Yor, even in
sickness... or in sadness...
No matter what hardships
we may face...
Let's do it together.
Yeah.
[TWILIGHT]
Until my mission...
[YOR]
Until my killing...
[TWILIGHT, YOR]
...do us part.
[inaudible]